Image Type adding (#262)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/design/image-settings/add-edit-image-setting.md

---
title: Add new Image type
weight: 1
---

# Design > Image Settings > Add new Image type

## Adding or editing Image type UI

![Adding or editing Image type panel](static/img/image-settings-add-edit-image-type.png)

This configuration UI is about adding the new Image type into the Image type listing.

> 

Reviewer: The following error messages are missing 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89604350/151189784-fdf6be22-175d-4514-81e8-7075584ca3c2.png)

There are the following input text fields, that can be set:

> - **Name for the image type**  - this is a required field, that describes the main name of the image type. The image type name should be used with underscores and hyphens only. Fore example, that could be _small_custom_, _large_, _custom-modified_small_. By default this input text field is empty.

Reviewer: 1. Tooltip is missing.
2. The error message when entering an invalid name is missing "The name field is invalid."
3. The error message when the name field is too long is missing "The name field is too long (64 chars max)."
4. The error message when trying to save with empty Name is missing "The name field is required."

Author: @marwachelly hey, thanks for your feedback, I have made separate paragraph for notification messages, you want to replace those here?

Reviewer: @SimonasB88 Thank you for your work. I think it will be better If each description includes all the corresponding notices to avoid the risk of forgetting some (tooltip / max chars...)

Author: @marwachelly done :)

> - **Width** - this is a required field, that sets the numeric value of Image type width in pixels. By default, this input text field is empty.

Reviewer: 1. Tooltip is missing.
2. The error message when entering an invalid width is missing "The width field is invalid."
3. The number of required characters is missing
4. The error message when trying to save with empty width is missing "The width field is required."

Author: @marwachelly hey, thanks for your feedback, I have made separate paragraph for notification messages, you want to replace those here?

Reviewer: @SimonasB88 Thank you for your work. I think it will be better If each description includes all the corresponding notices to avoid the risk of forgetting some (tooltip / max chars...)

Author: @marwachelly done :)

> - **Height** - this is a required field, that sets the numeric value of Image type height in pixels. By default, this input text field is empty.

Reviewer: 1. Tooltip is missing.
2. The error message when entering an invalid  Height is missing "The  Height field is invalid."
3. The number of required characters is missing
4. The error message when trying to save with empty  Height is missing "The  Height field is required."

Author: @marwachelly hey, thanks for your feedback, I have made separate paragraph for notification messages, you want to replace those here?

Reviewer: @SimonasB88 Thank you for your work. I think it will be better If each description includes all the corresponding notices to avoid the risk of forgetting some (tooltip / max chars...)

Author: @marwachelly done :)

> - **Products** - this toggle switch button can be set for using images type for Prestashop Products. By default, the button is disabled.

Reviewer: Tooltip is missing

Author: Updated with tooltip.

> - **Categories** - this toggle switch button can be set for using images type for Prestashop Categories. By default, the button is disabled.

Reviewer: Tooltip is missing

Author: Updated with tooltip.

> - **Brands** - this toggle switch button can be set for using images type for Prestashop Brands. By default, the button is disabled.

Reviewer: Tooltip is missing

Author: Updated with tooltip.

> - **Suppliers** - this toggle switch button can be set for using images type for Prestashop Suppliers. By default, the button is disabled.

Reviewer: Tooltip is missing

Author: Updated with tooltip.

> - **Stores** - this toggle switch button can be set for using images type for Prestashop Stores. By default, the button is disabled.

Reviewer: Tooltip is missing

Author: Updated with tooltip.

> There is CTA **Save** for saving the Images type that is configured, and CTA **Cancel** for discarding the Image type creating or editing action, and navigating to the listing page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ## Call to action 
 There are 2 buttons at the bottom of this page: 
 - Cancel: The image type is not added/edited and the image settings page is displayed
 - Save: In the case of adding an image type and if there is no error, the image type is added and a success message is displayed on the top of image settings page : "Successful creation.". In the case of editing an image type, the image is edited and a success message is displayed on the top of the image settings page : "Successful update.".
```

## UI notifications after submitting

During default Image type configuration, the notification is prompted as error: <br>
_By default, all images settings are already installed in your store. Do not delete them, you will need it!_

> After the invalid set of the configuration in this page, for all the input text fields, the UI is prompting the error: <br>
> _There are 3 errors.<br>
> The name field is invalid.<br>
> The width field is invalid.<br>
> The height field is invalid._<br>
> 
> After leaving the required fields empty in this page, for all the input text fields, the UI is prompting the error: <br>
> _There are 3 errors.<br>
> The name field is required.<br>
> The width field is required.<br>
> The height field is required._<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
